Hi Hi Dies Stacking Spring Says Today Dies
What is the attraction of the number stacking to everyone about the stacking course
Daisetsu I was started to sterilization or that there is no reference videos
If you can refer to this video for those who can not teach people
We were allowed to raise the videos I
I thought so when I started my first time so I think that such people will definitely be this video
The I gained
Then I would like to introduce the basic technique immediately
First fore side
Shake the cup to feel this cup from the outside to the front and take the number
It is the stacking on the fore side when you get it, but I will introduce it first
Please take a look, because it is hot
Yes This is It is Satchingu the fore side
all
You shake it from the outside to the front and you take soybeans
It is a way to stop and build a representative
In the good to the next
It is the second place as a basic place, but it was a foremost day
Next is back good
We are taking the first I am waved from the inside to the outside
And on the back side of building the dice
I will
Yes this is bag stacking
Both are yeah
Shaking is the same as friful feeling
As it is more difficult to say bag
I think if you can practice
Either technique is probably a week or a week and a half
ー
Even though there is that individual differences do you think so and can learn
I think you can do it in general, so please try it out for everyone
Today I will do more than this
And who have seen the video will be rude Thank Was Thank you